JSON logging cleanup (#3881)
runtimeverification/haskell-backend: booster/test/rpc-integration/test-log-simplify-json/README.md

# Testing logging of equations as JSON

> This test sends the request toexecute a part of an IMP semantics proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test sends the request to execute a part of an IMP semantics proof.
```

> The `kore-rpc-booster` server is expected to be started with `-l SimplifyJson --log-file test-log-simplify-json/simplify-log.txt`, which ensures that the equation simplification logs are collected by both Booster and Kore and emitted into a file. The log file is compared to `simplify-log.golden.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kore-rpc-booster` server is expected to be started with `--log-format json -l Simplify --log-file test-log-simplify-json/simplify-log.txt`, which ensures that the equation simplification logs are collected by both Booster and Kore and emitted into a file. The log file is compared to `simplify-log.golden.txt`.
```
